Ashawini27/fix/add debug capabilities (#219)
TESSEorg/ttg: README.md

> ![Build Status](https://github.com/TESSEorg/ttg/workflows/CMake/badge.sv)

Reviewer: this change seems to be not intended, revert

- To try out TTG in a Docker container, install Docker, then execute `bin/docker-build.sh` and follow instructions in `bin/docker.md`;
- See [INSTALL.md](https://github.com/TESSEorg/ttg/blob/master/INSTALL.md) to learn how to build and install TTG.

# Debugging TTG Program 

> - If xterm already installed then set "Environment Variable" to /TTG_DEBUGGER=gdb_xterm/lldb_xterm based on the type of compiler system hold to run debugger for parallelly executing processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If an X11 server is running (check if environment variable `DISPLAY` is set), then set environment variable `TTG_DEBUGGER` to {`gdb_xterm`,`lldb_xterm`} to launch {`gdb`,`lldb`} upon receiving a signal like `SIGSEGV` or `SIGABRT` (one `xterm` window per rank will be created);
- If an X11 server is not running the set `TTG_DEBUGGER` to empty value; upon receiving a signal the program will print instructions for how to attach a debugger to a running process from another terminal. 
```
